# UAV captured Image Processing using Color Thresholding

Aerial search and rescue applications using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) can incorporate image processing technologies to locate targets faster and with a higher degree of accuracy. The task of developing such systems involves the development of both hardware and software components. Examples of both hardware and software approaches in the design process for an aerial imaging system are shown for small UAV applications.

This project also attempts to explore the idea of drones or fixed winged UAVs to locate stranded or injured people in seas, deserts, green lands, mountain regions and many more large barren areas, where such services increase the efficiency and speed of search & rescue teams, without endangering the lives of other humans.

This Project addresses image processing for target recognition in search-and-rescue unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) applications. The selected targets were those related to a lost-hiker scenario. An example image collection system is shown for small UAVs. The system can be used for surveillance or search and rescue when mounted on a UAV or on a remote-controlled aircraft. The categories for targets within the images include people, signs, vehicles, shelters, clothing, bags, and empty images. all of the images were captured and tagged with the GPS location. The images were all captured in a defined environment. The environment for the project was pastureland with sparse trees in the fields. When people are lost they should try to find an open area that will allow their distress signal to be more readily observed. Hence, the best chance for aerial search would not be dense forest land, since nothing would be seen. Lightly wooded pastureland was used as opposed to desert because pastureland was easily accessible.
